Essentials Tutorial (Overview): Improve ambiguous language and fix typos (#4132)
reduxjs/redux: docs/tutorials/essentials/part-1-overview-concepts.md

// {value: 3}
```

> We can say that **Redux reducers reduce a set of actions (over time) into a single state**. The difference is that `Array.reduce()` makes reducing of a set of actions happen all at once, while Redux makes sure that it happens over the lifetime of a running app.

Reviewer: I'm not sure this is an improvement. Let's make it a little bit simpler:

```suggestion
We can say that **Redux reducers reduce a set of actions (over time) into a single state**. The difference is that `Array.reduce()` only runs once, while Redux runs over the lifetime of an app.
```

</DetailedExplanation>

#### Store

The current Redux application state lives in an object called the **store**.

> The store is created by passing in a reducer and has a method called `getState` that returns the current state value.

Reviewer: This sentence still titles the code below it.

```suggestion
The store is created by passing in a reducer and has a method called `getState` that returns the current state value:
```

#### Dispatch

> The Redux store has a method called `dispatch`. **The only way to update the state is to call `store.dispatch()` and pass in an action object**. The store will run its reducer function and save the new state value inside.  We can then call `getState()` to retrieve the updated value.

Reviewer: Extra space.

```suggestion
The Redux store has a method called `dispatch`. **The only way to update the state is to call `store.dispatch()` and pass in an action object**. The store will run its reducer function and save the new state value inside. We can then call `getState()` to retrieve the updated value.
```

// {value: 1}
```

**You can think of dispatching actions as "triggering an event"** in the application. It means that an event happened and we want the store to know about it. Reducers act like event listeners and update the state when they hear about an action they are interested in.

> It is common practice to call action creators to dispatch the right action.

Reviewer: Also a title for the code below it.

```suggestion
It is common practice to call action creators to dispatch the right action:
```

#### Selectors

> **Selectors** are functions that know how to extract specific pieces of information from a store state value. As an application grows bigger, this can help avoid repeating logic since different parts of the app need to read the same data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Selectors** are functions that know how to extract specific pieces of information from a store state value. As an application grows bigger, this can help avoid repeating logic since different parts of the app need to read the same data:
```

### Redux Application Data Flow

Earlier, we talked about "one-way data flow", which describes this sequence of steps to update the app.  These steps are:

1. State describes the condition of the app at a specific point in time.
2. The UI is rendered based on that state.
3. When something happens (such as a user clicking a button), the state is updated (based on what occurred).
4. The UI re-renders based on the new state.

For Redux specifically, we can break these steps out into more detail:

**Initial Setup**
1. A Redux store is created using a root reducer function.
2. The store calls the root reducer once and saves the return value as its initial `state`.
3. When the UI is first rendered, UI components access the current state of the Redux store and use that data to decide what to render. The UI components also subscribe to any future store updates because they want to know if the state has changed.

**Updates**
1. When something happens in the app (such as a user clicking a button), the app code dispatches an action to the Redux store (like `dispatch({type: 'counter/increment'})`).

> 2. The store runs the reducer function again with the previous `state` and the current `action`.  It then saves the return value as the new `state`.

Reviewer: This should be a compound sentence, otherwise you'd need to make it another step (which it's not)

```suggestion
2. The store runs the reducer function again with the previous `state` and the current `action`, and then saves the return value as the new `state`.
```

> 3. The store notifies all subscribed parts of the UI that the store has been updated.

Reviewer: The state is what updates, not the store itself.

```suggestion
3. The store notifies all subscribed parts of the UI that its state has been updated.
```
